a cold snowy cold start of the course
it's all iced over
anything especially not that cold out
here some embedding is there fine then
again it's all completely iced over
everywhere
you know the cars running like crap
right now if you can hear that that's
just normal when you first call it start
it starts misfiring like crazy then it
goes that drawing good
however the wipers are frozen shut
you know is all completely covered in
ice
there we go the shutter in this fire
okay here we go back to what it was
oh right now it really isn't running
good
I can shoot this one running for long
in store
anything's just shaking now
shut this Monday
your name is miss viola best